0|0 And then what do you got
0 your meeting? Mr. Ignoring,
1|0 yeah. My point was that I feel like for DraftKings in particular, good results, which is obviously indicative of the industry, will be positive. Will be more positive for them, like absent the fact that they're us only, and they have more torque towards us. Whatever my point is that DraftKings basically it just feels like their bad luck. Seems like guys like Carlo at Deutsche Bank make the argument like it's more than bad luck. Whatever. I like both of them. I like flutter a lot more. But basically I feel like DraftKings just having good results will help a lot of the story. And then two, two months ago, everyone here would at the table would have been like, Oh, they're gonna cut the guide. Obviously. I don't think it's very obvious anymore. I don't think they're gonna cut the guide. And I think that's enough for the stock to work like good results and not cutting the guide, as simple as that sounds, probably gets it done. I don't know. Does anyone think they're gonna cut the guy?
0|0 Your sentiment on structural holes, because
2|0 the last two quarters, there's been this big gap, right? And it's been driven by sports outcomes, first the NFL and then March Madness. I think that is made people question by the concept of structure level, right? It's like, oh, my theoretical panel would have been fantastic. It's a
0|0 little bit like that.
2|0 But this quarter so far, the data suggests that sports outcomes will not be a headwind. For the first time in got
3|0 it so more data driven than something that the company said, because I did a similar dinner, was it two, three months ago, probably, and that was like a big debate, was the structural hold, and whether it's, you know, gonna improve, or whether they should just Stop reporting it to be honest,
0|0 yeah, if they stop, that would be bad
3|0 for Yeah, at this point they can't, because then it's like, why are you getting rid
1|0 of it? I like Carlos. When did he become like the thought leader? No, I know, but when did he basically become like this guy that everyone listens to, and His Word is gospel. I like him too. I think it's a good analyst. But like, for some reason, he gets like way too much air time. Like, the fact that I just cited him was kind of weird. I don't really like, I
4|0 think he's like the seasoned, salty veteran in this space, if you will. Yeah, okay, maybe the
1|0 better question, these are all kind of consensus longs, does anyone not like either of the socks? I question.
4|0 I like them both. I guess I don't say question. I'm curious, why you like flutter better? And I don't, by the way, I own flutter. I like it less so than I probably, yeah, I like it a little less. I can go into why, but why? I guess I feel like the last 12 months have just been like sharing on sharing on sharing. And I feel like from here, it's like we got to invest a little bit more, whether it's in Brazil, like any that's much here in the UK, Italy, we're gonna gain some share and get synergy, but it's, I think the share gain is a little less than it has. Australia is not a great market, so I feel like their international stuff just isn't like carrying the day like it was 12 months ago, and the US is fine. It's probably fine. I mean, over the long term, it's awesome, it's gonna be totally fine. But I guess I just feel like the International stuff now is more of a drag than it was like a lip to what was like a an awesome us dressing was like pure play us. Yeah, it's just less, I guess it's more like, less international uptime.
1|0 I think that the emanate have done recently, like Brazil is kind of, I think Brazil is just harvest period, and people recognize and appreciate that. I think what they've done in Italy is totally fine and like good for market share, but also the expectation, or, like, not even the expectation, like, the understanding isn't that international is going to be continuing to like, yes, so continue to do very well. But it's not the continuation of like, Hey, we're going to take lots of share. I feel like a lot of the low hanging fruit has happened, and then sort of, I don't want to say price into the stock, because I don't know how you can like, like, I can accurately make that claim to like some of the parts, like it's properly priced in, but I feel like that's better understood by the buy side now. I also just generally feel like with letters, more outside the numbers, well, like, if you want to make the low hanging argument, which is still real, there's way more outside the sell side, because sell side doesn't properly make an M and A he's going to make the real argument. I think that net revenue market expansion for the US still miss model when you flow that through it that's enough to get you easily $1 Yeah,
4|0 the M and I mean, look, I do feel like they're in full position to do whatever M A they want to do? Yeah, it's going to be a creative to whatever, you know, whatever multiple they pay is going to be lower than whatever they're trading
0|0 probably going to be in good acquisition.
2|0 So overall, generally constructive, I think about, like, the most obvious risks that got brought up, it's no particular order of taxes, markets and like, handle growth. Which of those are people kind of the most concerned about? If there's a different answer, we can differentiate between near and medium term. So I agree medium term, I still think near term, there's still some digestion of like tax. My numbers perspective should be like baked into sell side, but my answer is always that, as long as that is true, I think the rest can be
0|0 capitalized. I'm curious.
2|0 Anyone freaked out about prediction markets? I feel like,
5|0 I think it's a net positive, right? It's like, in the conversation you have with California or Texas authorities and say, like, either you're not going to regulate and you get zero revenue, or, like, you can work with us and like, we'll help you the prediction market guys, because we have a much better product. Like, I think that probably, like, you know, takes a little bit of volume away from you on, like, street bets, but they're not taking away any, like,
1|0 parlor, yeah? For what it's worth, I had drinks with the CEO. So anyone that like the Yeah, yeah. So Morgan Stanley hosted a dinner, and then I was chatting with him after I found out he lives, like, next to me, like three, like a block away. We'd like mutual friends who were just talking so we got drinks last month, and he was telling me basically, to stop, you know, like, I'm not revealing MMPI or anything. He was basically, I really want to partner with these guys. Like, his view is, I'm more scared of them than they're scared of me, yeah, like, basically Draft Kings in flutter. But, I mean, I tried a I tried not to talk about stock specific things with him, because I didn't want to be like, hey, yeah, tell me. Tell me. Like, and then, of course, like a press release, I remember telling my boss that, like a press release came, like, three days later. He's joking me. He's like, I think we had that be a phone call. Not slack. But no, basically, I think, from his view, he's just more scared of them than they're scared of him. And he wants to say, hey, let's work together, because I know that eventually you guys have better distribution and infrastructure and customer bases than I do, and that's probably pretty bad
6|0 for my terminal value. What does possibly add to flutter? Like, that's, that's the thing. I don't think Chelsea adds any value to clutter. I
5|0 agree. It's like, it's a nuclear option. It's flutter partners with calcium California, right? That,
0|0 like, loses, right?
0 Yeah, he's smart.
4|0 Ir is going to tell me strategically what they're going to do. But he made, I saw him on Friday, he made, like, sort of an authentic comment, like, yeah, we saw that press release. But that's because they want to partner with us effectively, like they're trying to, I can see that, yeah, they're basically trying to, you. Basically trying to flush them out effectively. Yeah,
0|0 they just got died at $2 billion in their latest
1|0 Yeah, they just raised money. He was, he was telling me all about it. He's like, so this guy, Tariq, he's 29 years old. He's probably worth like 80 to 200 million, somewhere in that range, I guess, because he's sold the value of coffee. He was telling me he sold a lot in, like, there some of their rounds. That was like, your guy, you fucking nuts. No. I mean, he know, he lives in like, a $7 million apartment that he bought in all cash. I was like, All right, you guys pretty rich. Like,
0|0 wasn't that surprising to me, obviously, so
7|0 I thought that was, like, a funky story, but they had a better lead, and people were saying, wasn't great, they can't do it in the US. Yeah,
0|0 it's a crypto thing. And
5|0 there's all sorts of things where it's like, Kelsey markets are resolved by employees of calci who are, like, have a sort of long term incentive to be fair, or like, poly market. The way the markets get resolved is by, like, people with the coins voting on it. It's all sort of weird things that, like, become very adversarial.
1|0 You can also inside or trade on Poly market, which is kind of weird. So, like, you're the creator of, like, a big hit show, like survivors. I don't know that show even still runs, but like, does, yeah, okay, so you're, you're the creator of Survivor. You were on survivor, you know the results, because obviously it's not filmed live. You can bet all your money on, like, oh, Joe's gonna win. And then Polly markets, totally cool with that, whereas calci they can pretty easily figure it out. They, at least they believe, and they don't allow that,
2|0 they charge 2% on the land, 2% on the way out. I think that's right,
7|0 our elections a thing still, like you got a big deal there.
1|0 None of them made an election. None of them made money on the presidential election for two different reasons. Calci because they needed to get a new Clearinghouse partner. And their Clearinghouse partner literally said, Okay, we'll do it, like, three days before the election. And they said, Okay, great. Like, what's the catch? And the catch basically, like, no volume, because we don't know whether the partnership is going to work. We don't know, like, how the risk sharing is gonna work. So Cal, she said, Okay, like, fine, we won't make any money on this. Basically justified his cash. So Cal, she made $0 on the election poly market. Apparently, for some weird, this is what the founder of Cal, she was telling me with polymers. I don't know if it's true. Apparently, they had some, like, weird trip up with a regulator as an appeasement. If it's they could not show they were profiting from it. If they showed they're profiting from it, the regulators apparently would have cracked down and been like, Okay, well, you can't use crypto, therefore there's no way you can operate in the US. I didn't really get that. It wasn't clear in my
7|0 head. So how is calci been critical to your investment thesis on any of
2|0 these ideas. They started doing sports betting, and they're regular by the
0|0 CFTC. And so they
2|0 can start gaming taxes. And so now the nuances and they can operate any state. They can operate any state that hasn't perfectly paired off. They can't take any risk. So it's like old school
0|0 has to be
0 perfectly a match, really hard
5|0 that's gonna be is
2|0 that, like I said, they charge 2% away and 2% away out the whole operator is much higher than 4% so it's a cheaper way to do a giant versus
0|0 the countless? Yeah.
8|0 So when I talk to the companies, both of them have kind of said that actually, if you look at straight bets, it's more economic for them to have to go through predict a prediction market format than it is the take rates that they're earning on straight bets as a traditional model. Because I think the gross takes are like, pretty similar, but you don't have the tax le, good and then something else. So that was my fear was with the prediction markets was not that they were going to be like competitively displaced, but that it would drive, like, unit economic degradation over time. But I don't think that's actually true. If anything, it's like, neutral but positive.
1|0 Yeah, the company is similar to describe to me is like, think about in the state of New York. Imagine if we had to pay taxes. How created that we are unit economics. And they said, like, on average, when you blend it out across all the states, it's Basically, basically better for them,
5|0 a little bit like, right? Big if taxes
0|0 go up, it
5|0 is a bit worrying to me, though, that, like, if you were sitting here two years ago, I think you would have the view, like, states clearly are going to run out of COVID money, which they have, they need to raise revenue that should, you know, sort of be neutral, because incremental legalization should offset, like, incremental taxes. And it just like, we haven't gotten any incremental legalization, really, but we've done a ton of incremental taxes, which, like, are not as bad as bad a couple months ago, but like, if you take a step back, I think, like that narrative, like states will want this to raise revenues, is a little bit sort of, it's not as strong as it was, maybe a
0|0 slight positive. Just
4|0 because we haven't gotten the legalization doesn't mean it's not coming. I just, I do think it's coming. I don't know. The fact that we haven't had
0|0 it unfortunately.
3|0 Does anyone know? Like, what's the hold up now? What's the hold up? Like, why is I gaming so much slower than sports game?
5|0 Like, Ohio is the closest, but my understanding is just like, the governor's
3|0 like, but like, what's the argument? Like, why are we so much slower? Land based
5|0 casinos are a very big impact. And like, yeah, it makes sense. Instead, you'll
1|0 have, like, the virtual dealer in, like Mumbai, like stealing your cards, the like machinist in Ohio, we, like, got a break now that meant,
0|0 I feel you can lose a lot more money towards gambling. I
0 don't know, like making a slot machine, just like,
3|0 gaming, everything. I just
0|0 think it's in the housing favor everything,
0 yeah, like flashback and
0|0 my buddies, like, get on. There's
0 only like, Is
0|0 it six states and we've
5|0 got no new states? We've
0|0 got no new
0 statements that
0|0 drag things, keeps losing market share, and I gave him,
6|0 yeah, is really obvious to me why they would be but, uh, barely
0|0 getting share, But MGM
0 is getting shared.
0|0 Yeah, yeah, a little bit.
6|0 It's like inferior progress, or, I don't know why exactly, but it does make it
2|0 could be a little bit of like genesis of their funnel, like all their bases, right? Much more like, I mean, more like sports oriented, sports heavy folks think that they have gaming maybe, I don't know, also, it's
1|0 a different climate. Basically, I gave me toasted Middle Ages,
2|0 yeah, I think, and I think dropping skews more like generative men gamblers,
1|0 yeah, definitely like 16 to like 33 year old men, yeah,
3|0 that's what I've heard from some guys that have talked to, like, and I don't know why the fanatic guy would have the best, but I've heard, like, going back to this predictions market, and like, straight bets and the structural hold versus the is that, like, DraftKings used way more whales, yeah. Which versus parlays like whales don't bet parlays very infrequently, and they will, but it will be like five to $10,000 on the game or more straight. And then it will be like two or 3000 on a parlay of the game in the over right, so that if they're 100% right, they crush it, but they've got 10,000 on the game. They don't really care if they lose 3000 or up seven or whatever game
2|0 better to are doing on a weekend. Small, small dollar bets for big payouts if
3|0 you have more like, especially when you have odds go against you. Like, I think this is crushing their structural hold, because these the guys that are betting 10,000 they're not all sharps by any means, but they all believe they are. And so they're all betting straight bets a lot more, like a lot I know, and Paul, the guys who live here, and I see their lines
0|0 so bad for drafting, yeah,
3|0 no, exactly right, and that's why, like, I think the prediction markets taking straight bets can be potentially or it was scarier for drafting. I mean,
0|0 droppings, just this was
5|0 the entire, like, negative structural hold results in one cue was entirely March balance, right? It's
1|0 like, Yeah, crazy too. Like that much winging on something,
5|0 because NCAA is not a huge portion of Canada, to me, at least,
2|0 it was important that FanDuel, in one view, also called out
0|0 some concern that it's like a draft.
0 I think that is no longer.
1|0 We'll also remember it was DraftKings that said, hey, super was really good, or, like, it's been really good. And then people were, wait, why wasn't it really good for flutter? Why didn't flutter call that out? And then people were sort of, like, extrapolating. And then, when you saw what happened on March Madness, and just reassuring to hear that both of them it was not great. Yeah, is
6|0 there any last year when drafting said bad results and rudder had cable results, and then that's the only time it's different
1|0 for a quarter. Yeah, there's one quarter, but different, like, shockingly, and everyone was like, that was like, draft case they suck
0|0 heavily on MLB or they were like, he's got to make super heavily on MLB
5|0 or something, and so like, in theory that should be which shows up in like as promos.
0|0 And they were successful,
2|0 yeah, last year. So that that will create an easy call for them this year, but impacting the results after and again led to this whole like, maybe,
1|0 yeah, yeah. That's when Carlos started writing all his notes and being like, oh, like, maybe, like, it's something more than just bad results. Maybe it's, Hey, these guys are just really bad at like, underwriting parlays or whatever.
5|0 Many anyone have a view on why fanatics is just like, torching, like, money and like, so irrational. I can't make heads or tails of it. They are gaining share, which
1|0 is like, yeah, the guy, Matt King, who runs it, that's like, his MO Matt King, super legit. I'm very close to someone who's, like, pretty close to working with him, and then pass on it. He's really legit. And his whole philosophy is like, light money on fire, not literally, but just, you know, spend lots of money, get the brand out there, win lots of trust, and you will win. And he believes in himself. He's like a very, I don't want to say arrogance. I think he actually has a really good reputation. Is very accomplished, but he's very he believes that himself, and he thinks that what he's doing is going to be right, and if he spends a lot of money and gets the word out there, then that's going to benefit him.
5|0 It's like an earlier of green and Fox bed and EFT and like everyone who has just like products, matters way more. Actually, anyone,
2|0 none of these people retained, and when you ask fanatics about why they're gonna retain, it has to do with like, well, we can send you bets, because we know what merch you buy your favorite dude. Come on, terrible.
3|0 There's no There's no retention in this industry, as is there, shockingly,
2|0 like to me, the whole thesis that we like the start of this thesis was, Oh, my God, there is retention. This is a borderline buoy oligopoly and unit economics are very quickly improving. So you have this massive profitability inflection, and the stocks are not really reflecting that. You know, a year and a half ago, two years ago, right? I think that that part is much better understood now, but that, to me, was like the aha moment. Whatever it was, went from dropping like one $18 and then went to like, 40 on this road I was gonna
4|0 talking about, like the swings and bucks and this one maybe a dumb question, but like, whatever they're doing, let's say a 10 mortgage, whatever the number is, like, that is way too low. There's going to be a point where the scale
0|0 billion dollars of,
4|0 like, 50 million swing in, like, luck. I mean, is that? Is it gonna it's just gonna be a greater magnitude swing, I guess because we're doing more revenue, or is it because now we have, like, a proportion
5|0 get more operating leverage, the swington Bucha cheese becomes smaller,
1|0 and also, over time, people will like Carla's argument, will have less and less weight because they'll have more public operating history. People can say, you know, hey, these guys actually, like, have managed it pretty well, or, like, rebounded and, yeah, this
5|0 is why it was never so much of an issue for flooding, right? Because you can look at, like, FanDuel history from what they were exactly like, exactly, you know, they would have, like, a whole, like, six month period of negative cold, and it eventually
1|0 outcomes revert to the mean. You just had to kind of prove that, for some reason you're not doing something worse than you know what the average should be.
0|0 Eventually we should get a good luck for the books,
3|0 like, eventually it should happen in theory, right?
0|0 Yeah, it's been, like, a particularly bad
3|0 stretch that's been a really bad stretch for the books. Like, eventually, to your point, like, there should be a quarter where margins, like, enormous. It's probably gonna be this quarter where, in a way, everyone's talking about it, but like, I feel like everyone's been talking forever, like, in the last month and
0|0 a half. Yeah, April, Sutter at two,
0 and June is good. Just June.
0|0 I mean, just looking at,
1|0 I mean, I do a simple tracker of, like, major sporting events, did the favorite win, and to the extent that it's relevant, like, was the overhead? Yes or no should be pretty
5|0 good. Sound perfect. And laughing euros.
3|0 Your Australia thing, by the way, for flutter. It's the ashes in November,
0|0 it's the ashes in November.
3|0 The ashes is England versus Australia and rugby. It's a huge event, and it's every two years. So you'll get that in November and December. It carries on for two, like a month and a half, which you didn't have last year. So obviously you can't capitalize it. Well, I guess you can on a two year basis. But I think, you know, it's a big betting thing for Australia. It's like a very big rivalry.
5|0 Oh, yeah, beneficiaries trade on beneficiaries. If you don't go to a bar with your buddies to watch the game,
0|0 yeah, just cheaper for of entertainment,
0 and you have an outside
0|0 so what are the multiples are paying now? If there's anonymous group for your products, if there
1|0 isn't a nut, yeah, it's pretty tiger that, yeah, right. Times get tough. You fall back on it.
0|0 If there's an anonymous group of the product,
2|0 that's a generational thing, but
7|0 multiples you're paying on 26 so I'm not sure I agree with that, by the way,
0|0 what a what boomers do now
5|0 that they didn't do no but it was always been like 21 to 30 year olds who were the heaviest Consumers,
0|0 boomers, too. So it's like not making gummies or some other,
0 yeah, I'm just saying it's not just one,
0|0 just a millennial.
1|0 Still the share leader? No, but
0|0 like they're no longer
0 they're probably still a shrinking it within the
0|0 beer. Who's more of a share leader? Model
3|0 over? Office
0|0 who owns, like, what are they? Immigration? Because,
0 like, we just did a yellow and
0|0 we're missing
7|0 great content, because I'm not. I threw in some monkey wrenches and let's get back on track. Sorry.
0|0 He was telling me where to buy weed on the brand new
7|0 dispenser. Not tell him where to buy weed. That's fucking nonsense.
3|0 There's a brand new dispensary right on Madison now. It's big sign. It could totally be, but I can't believe we have no
1|0 but they're not. They're not. These guys are trying, like,
0|0 like, shut down tomorrow, but,
0 like, really hard, but there's two right now.
0|0 There's two that are operating right now legally,
0 I unfortunately invested in
0|0 college. Didn't
0 even show what he tells me is that
0|0 what's problematic
2|0 is like, really interesting, either as, like other parts of diet business with them, and then people can't give you money because you're technically breaking the laws like investors, or don't do the spend, and you have no market share in a massive market. So what's this about? Calling for is this massive crackdown on this gray market and then prop up the whatever, the legal market. I mean, it's very similar
0|0 to online sports betting in that
1|0 sense, and that's what they're all waiting for operate in New York. You
7|0 may or might be in favor of all praying
0|0 for mom down here,
0 you know, look, it's like it's
0|0 gonna finally everyone
7|0 to anybody vote? The mayor, let in 2021
0|0 I did. Eight people didn't vote.
0 Let me guess, never gonna vote this time. Yes,
7|0 the question is, of the 5 million registered, well, 5 million eligible voters, supposedly, I think there's a big opportunity. Last time only 1 million voters, One point 1,000,030%
0|0 28% went to Curtis leeway, and he got a third, yeah, 28% are there people who
3|0 are gonna
0|0 vote firstly, instead
0 of split the anti
0|0 Vote, they'll take a Trump job if that gets strong, Trump job, if that's yeah,
6|0 money too. That's money, but money, I guess anyone will go out maybe
1|0 wait someone, sadly, like, not as hard as I should be. Doesn't this guy run? I heard from someone that he runs every year. He's just, like, always in there, obviously New York's like, 67% Democrat. Like, yeah. I
7|0 mean, it's a reasonable chance that he's like, this is my year. There's no doubt about it, right? Like, there's, I'm nervous about that, in the sense that he just takes some votes for Eric Adams. Well, they split,
0|0 yeah, almost gonna
6|0 get out. I think
7|0 he's smart resolution. If it's Adams, if it's Adams and sleeve getting the moderate vote, there's still room unless my Madani did his blues wad on four, you know, 450 plus Brad landers 100. You know that's called, let's say he's got six to 700 plus whoever else on 5 million. If you split the 5 million,
2|0 it's a turnout, turnout, if you get too false. I like,
1|0 okay, it sounds like no is for Mamdani, so it's not a political thing. He thinks he's gonna win.
0|0 I mean, I'm nervous. I mean,
5|0 like, you can just do like, prediction market when you fight on the We the we
0|0 were sitting, I mean, we were sitting at this table
0 last week during the firm
7|0 we don't want to believe it. Nobody wants the most existential race in our lifetime right now,
0|0 largest city in half.
0 I'm so discouraged by the thought that it's like a possibility
0|0 where 911 happened 24 years
5|0 ago, and this is a guy who was like, American deserve 911
1|0 said that he was hanging with a guy who was wearing a shirt that said something to the effect of like, 911 deserved, or America deserve 911
0|0 Did anybody see the Glastonbury thing with this? Oh, yeah. What was that? So there was,
7|0 like, there's a black guy wears dreads. I don't where he's from, but he's British. And he was playing Glastonbury, which is like outside of London farm, like farmland or whatever, like our
0|0 Woodstock,
0 our Woodstock, and
7|0 he played, he basically went up and he had his, you know, free food, Palestine rant. And not just that, but death to the IDF. And he had all the people there that were pros whatever, chanting, Death to the IDF, the State Department, our State Department. He had a 20, he had a 20 location tour in the state. State Department just pulled his threats to come here.
5|0 That's good, I know, for Trump, if some Donna gets elected is to let New York become show the rest of the country, it's gonna be like JD Vance, or like, you know, like someone who's gonna lead us headlines into starvation, yes, and remember, like Kamala Harris literally calling for, like, price controls on groceries. Like,
0|0 it can happen
5|0 here, he went to an $80,000 your kindergarten. Like, it just fucking ridiculous. It's like all those
1|0 she was the lady who was rallying. Remember, there was that, like Google dance again, that pro Israeli film that was gonna be up for, was it an Oscar? And she was the leader of the group, the coalition that said, hey, absolutely not. Should they be even like possible To vote for? I
0|0 told me.
0 Thank you
0|0 move? I can get out ahead.
1|0 Yeah, I don't know someone who literally like, I'm trying to sell my apartment now and I'm already under contract. The Town payment already paid on a new apartment. Sort of stuck. I actually worry a little like, I'm kind of
4|0 like, I'm actually curious, because I was like, I told my wife, I was like, you might have to move. I don't know if I gotta, like, Get out of my apartment.
0|0 I mean, the compass,
1|0 you said it was the worst event, like 13 years this
2|0 primary caused a halt that they had never seen in Manhattan real estate activity. It's crazy. Really,
0|0 no buying, no selling,
7|0 Westchester nuts right now. So Florida is going nuts. Florida will continue to go nuts. My understanding, I was like, My place is 75 miles outside of the city, right? Which is not great, because I can't I'm thinking about selling it as much as I love it because it's too far to commute. But if I want to be outside the city, I need, I need within an hour to commute and stay in a hotel two or three nights a week or whatever like I can't do this. Doing this is too important, unless you all scatter. Then I'm stuck doing this. And I don't want to be stuck in New York this freak show gets in
0|0 I say, I
5|0 it. I was gonna say,
1|0 daughters, it's to be like that. Military dad,
0|0 I worry more about like that. I do
5|0 like tax licenses have to be approved by the safety stuff is all under the mayor's
6|0 licenses flutter and dragons. You think he messes up the downstate licenses anyone? Because he said he doesn't want casinos, and that's
0|0 like the import, exactly.
6|0 So my like reasoning is, once we get the down casinos, you can maybe leave us. I game in here finally, but if he further delays that, then it's bad for flutter.
1|0 Relationship with a council which is, in and of itself, pretty like in his favor. Well, you will have, you
6|0 won't have veto rights, but I want to post the veto rights on a casino right then, it's my understanding. So
7|0 where is that now? And what's your interpretation? I think it stands back out
6|0 last week, and we'll find out by December 1 to one, and it'll probably be Resorts World, MGM and Steve Cohen just, you know, where is resorts, MGM, Yonkers and resorts. What is somewhere? It's where it is already.
0|0 Steve Cohen is no he has like the the meth owner,
7|0 resorts, where's the, where's the New York competition? They're
6|0 going to win. They're like the most likely to win. Where are they going to build?
0|0 Where they already have
6|0 it expanded? Will get it? I think I could be wrong, but I think it'll be those three bitters
0|0 related, I think dropped out or no.
7|0 So so national cost scene was gone. That was sands related, related when,
6|0 when they dropped out. They dropped out. So
0|0 the only large one in the like
0 chance of winning snow, I think, where is that
0|0 most likely one that's in Times Square? I extra
6|0 community. It probably won't the other three are much more likely to win. But the only reason I can, I mean, the only reason I really care is because they can legalize I gaming in New York. It's obviously amazing.
0|0 In order, the only
1|0 reason I really care potentially to be amazing for the stock sale, not for my quality of life, not for my safety, but the stock sale.
6|0 Yeah, I love it. Well, okay, I care about when Johnny for several reasons. I care about the downside casino process for
3|0 that a non zero amount of people that take the boat to my Bayonne golf club just to sit at the bar and I game.
0|0 That's kind of scary,
0 like more frequent than I would expect,
0|0 but I'm assuming your golf clubs, these are not like people who are like,
5|0 I don't know what the fear of mine is. I just go
0|0 sit at the bar and have drinks.
1|0 Oh, they were married, and they have life that could possibly be the explanation.
3|0 No, they don't, not all of them, at least one of them is, one of them is Francis Ellis from bars
0|0 over there, like quite frequently, just sitting at the
0 he's not married anymore. Yeah, no,
0|0 he's he works for bar stool. He's like a comedian,
3|0 but he's a member of a own, especially him, a decent amount, like numerous times, he just goes and hangs out, plays eye gaming, games on Draft Kings or flutter.
5|0 I honestly don't know the name well, but it's popped up so many times. Does anyone here have strong opinions
0|0 on automatica,
0 Italian company, yeah, we had a pitch. Like, 100% good. If
1|0 this shows you these pitches, like, you can't go to someone and be like, Yeah, let's trade this. Like, I'm moving the entire float. Like,
0|0 yeah. It's
4|0 a well positioned company in a good market, but I don't know that there's anything that's underappreciated about it at this point, it's
0|0 just moved up in the back
4|0 of my mind. I'm still like, it's a single market trading it like nine times, maybe almost 10. I don't even know there has to be regulatory risk, as much as they want to say, like there's no regulatory risk. I
0|0 just feel like it out 100%
5|0 Italy, regulatory framework is locked in for 10 years. I haven't done the work, but the impression I give people or log it is like there's regulatory risk, like the next nine years are like box solid.
4|0 Generally, agree with that. It seems like it, but I also I don't know it's Italy. It's just like you're telling me there's no way they could. It's just hard for me to
6|0 believe it was like the same idea in like 2017 where, like some concession operator thought they got a concession, guaranteed no tax raises and taxes immediately the administration changes are like, be structurally online is way lower taxes there than retail. So over time, eventually you have to raise all my taxes, which is terrible for a lot of
0|0 medical 10 year argument, enjoy,
0 establish a regulatory framework.
0|0 Is someone was
1|0 saying this to me, and I don't know whether I was just having, like a brain card or something, but obviously, like June 30 is today, legislative like the headlines, like the random, like Rand Bloomberg, headliner, like Sean differy Blast is like this stays like raising their taxes should basically be done until November, right? Because all the budgets pretty much end on like a June calendar. Yeah.
3|0 Anyone have any views on flutter and upside from
0|0 bet your way
0 dynamic and potential margin,
3|0 customized parlays. So it's like, but I've heard from others that, like, every leg is like
0|0 a decent chunk of margin
3|0 or something higher? I don't know if that's true, but I'm just
0|0 curious
5|0 how people think about it. I like get that they want to time the big promo or push for it, which kind of helps you, but like, yeah, in my mind, they're still, like, almost hiding it on the
1|0 app, yeah. Well, also they don't feel internally the product is very good, all right, at their at their investor night. By pure coincidence, I just happened to be talking. I didn't even realize I was talking to a guy who, like, does all their, like, odds pricing, and it's apparently, like, runs their your way prize. And I literally thought he was another investor, and I was just like, talking to him. Then I realized quickly he liked flutter. I didn't realize what he did. He's basically telling me the your way product. This is in October, September, whatever September. He's basically telling me, like, the your way probably just wasn't there, wasn't ready. They're super cautious about it. Apparently, Peter cares a lot about it, like it's his baby. So basically they're just being really, really measured, and don't want to fuck it up. Like they did a pretty big test in a Super Bowl, like I was in New York, I played around with it on the Super Bowl. I thought it was cool. But apparently they just, they have a high, very high par for I think it's good. But they
8|0 launched it went like, Wouldn't it, shortly before that,
0|0 like, Colorado first. I think
0 there's another one,
0|0 yeah, and all the championship games, yeah,
0 they're working out.
1|0 It's a tricky product to make, though, like, there's a lot of math that's going on behind
0|0 the scenes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
1|0 The biggest thing is, like, my understanding is they just don't want lag related to because if they had that, then it's like, oh, I'm like, sliding, and then the things fucking like circling me out. Like, I'm not used to
7|0 that. Markets all time highs. Would you rather hear breakouts or shorts? Want
0|0 to go around with some short ideas.
0 I'll like
0|0 a bunch
0 of people,
2|0 I just don't know how short that's totally relevant. I can skip
0|0 that. It's very simple. So like,
2|0 stock is better than refresh their end of liking a bunch of firewalls and their install base, and it's driven this, like big acceleration of product revenue, this little stock turns on, however, they just recently started telling people that they're already 20% of the way through that, which is a lot further along than people thought based on the numbers they gave you for when those are going to be end of life, and what that means that the growth rates and product revenues are going to decelerate sooner than people expected. We have not observed, and was part of the whole case was we did this big hardware refresh, and we get good service and subscription
0|0 attached with it. And that has
2|0 not played out at all, because the building stress is not accelerated, nor has your subscription services revenue growth. And so we think will happen is product revenues will ultimately start declining, and then you're not going to get any
0|0 acceleration in subscription
2|0 and service part of this business. And as a result, all revenues will massively decelerate, like 50 times. Cash flow, crazy,
7|0 expensive, long a couple like two years ago and just very good. 75 back to 50 now. 205
0|0 it is done. I think, I think like
0 house two years
2|0 ago, right? And now I'd be curious to know if they still like it. I think, I think it's over interesting.
0|0 Are you generally
0 okay? So I spend most of my time. It's interesting
3|0 that online for us. Yeah, that's like more and more people that I find.
4|0 It's the only thing I have in consumer that I that grows.
7|0 I Colonel, you would if you did some business, we gotta line him up to do some business with us, and then we gotta go
0|0 hard to get out.
0 Yeah, sure, yeah, continuation of our
0|0 alcohol
0 immediately. Oh, yeah, I know
0|0 Constellation Brands, maybe everyone
7|0 gapped out. Down before everybody has a chance to do anything? Or is it a short on the gap down? If you're right,
4|0 short on the gap down, first of all, it's probably gonna cap.
0|0 That's how they play the game with Mike.
1|0 I don't know anything about this, except I just learned that they're yellow Coronavirus. So it's
4|0 a $30 million monkey cap. It's levered like three and a half times $40 billion EV trades four times revenue. And you're right. It's the biggest US beer. Now it's
1|0 gap earnings. That's not a thing. Oh, it's, this
0|0 is not tax. So they do have real earnings,
1|0 not all stock based combat. You said it like on revenue multiple how to how to consumer guys Converse.
4|0 So it's 14 times earnings. But I would say the reason I say four times sales is because the margins are so high. You know, it's a vehicle. Landlocked us beer company. So it's sort of like what this company was, was, all right, the US beer industry is growing one to two. These guys are taking huge amounts of market share. They're growing high single digits. And that was like the algorithm for literally 10 years. So it's been, like an awesome like, if you look at the numbers, you'd be like, holy, this company is crushing. Now the question is, like, what does it look like going forward? The beer industry is decelerated to, like, down four. And every reason that we know about it's so intuitive about why it's down four is why I think it seems down four and Surfside and hemp beverages, and more people smoking weed and less people drinking. And so like all of these things, and their market share now, they have 20 to 25% market share of us. Beer, they have the biggest brand of us. So their market share gains were hundreds of basis points. Now it's like 50 tips. And so you literally the math obviously doesn't work. If the market is down, I just think this business is now in secular 10 years of like crazy growth, and it trades 14 times, 14 times earnings. My point is 14 times earnings. You know, if you normalize the margins and you're like, okay, the 40% margin goes to 30. Well now we're not 14 times earning like 20 times 20. I just think, like the multiple keeps looking cheap and cheap and cheap, but like the multiple
0|0 energy finding. Now
0 our call last fix was
3|0 negative. Our guys a decent sized constellation guy, and has generally been positive constellation, like a reseller, distributor.
3 They are technically selling in second hand. So it's funny to hear it that way. But yeah, he was like medello knows are down like high singles, which is not common, and then
0|0 they're attributed to
0 part of it is that. Part of it he attributes
3|0 to the health concerns, all this stuff, and the competition, but also with these guys, the Ice Rage. He was like, he was like, like, people are hanging out, like they're rating liquor stores in other places, like any public place is potentially a threat to these guys, like, aren't going to the liquor stores to buy. But so it was just shocking, because the guy we host has generally been like a perma bull on constellation, and for the first time, it's like, it's down and they're cutting price.
1|0 So wait, that's not like, like, if you're like, in El Paso Texas, and you're like, caught buying models you have, like, a six mustache and a dark man, you're
3|0 like, I don't think it's a store that's turning them in. There has been people caught that. Like, they're Yeah, so I think like, people are afraid to go out and, you know, in person public figure, whether it's liquor stores.
0|0 It's like a thing. Yeah.
0 It's understandable actually believe it, yeah.
7|0 My boys wicked smack. Thank you.
3|0 Someone that was hoping to fly under the radar, someone that's hoping to fly under the radar. It's like the Thursday afternoon report.
8|0 Was it Nike that reported on like 24th or like, right? Not.
7|0 Oh, I didn't give
0|0 it like a ton of thoughts.
8|0 I like, I like sorting the ad agencies. It's probably nothing like super revolutionary to anyone here. They trade it like, you know, eight to 12 times earnings. And I just think the business models are like fundamentally challenged structural short that you should just be able to hang out in for the next five or 10 years and you can trade around it. Why do I think that? I think that this business, these businesses, have just incrementally based headwinds over the course of the past, like 20 years, you looked at ad advertising spend versus ad agency growth from like 2002 1006 they were in lockstep. And then from 2006 to 2019 you constantly just saw those growth rates like diverge. I think a big part of that is they're not getting as much share in internet based advertising, like the social media platforms, etc, and the case rates that they've earned on that like digital spend has been coming down over Time.
0|0 Everybody wants coffee.
3|0 I'm good. Michael, want
9|0 coffee
0|1 experience?
1|1 All night, like checking our ideas, like I'm recording
0|1 it all. He said this,
8|1 yeah. So I think those, those growth rates have clearly diverged. I think it really got accelerated during COVID, the ad agencies, memory are probably up in revenue terms, like 15% cumulatively versus 2019 and total ad spend is up like 45 so they've just been losing share within their market. Now I think those issues should cause the businesses to start actually declining, because you have like Gen AI, and I think that's a problem for the creative side of the business, which is still 25 to 30% of revenue across the group. And I think that even on like the core media buying side, there should be incremental pricing pressure as a result of your customers having other alternatives, et cetera. So, yeah, big picture. It's like Gen AI short in business models that fundamentally have to change. These are like body shops, basically that charge based on the number of entry level employees that are put on each account. And I think now the clients are pushing on them to pass on the cost savings that they're getting as these as they use generative AI to produce ad
1|1 campaign. Same IT services companies. They are again, IT services companies, Accenture, cognizant, etc, five years from now, those companies are worth less than they are a day. SMB is worth more. They're great choice for that reason.
0|1 I can go more into it, but one
8|1 follow up on that so like, I totally agree with you, medium to long term. But is there not, like, a period of time where they could actually see accelerating growth because they're the ones who are helping corporates transition?
1|1 Yeah, that is, like, that is the risk. I'm not the deepest, I'm not the smartest on it. Yeah, the risk is definitely that someone says, Hey, shit. I actually really need to get smart in AI. I need to hire Accenture. And Accenture needs to, like, get me up the curve, sure, but eventually, yes, probably they're public. I don't think most of those companies are public, right, right, right, but yeah, no, that is a short term risk for sure. And we've been like, on and off. Short these mostly the office, because there's a risk of pay. It's not as bad in the short term as you fear, because every company under the sun whose legacy is like, trying to re accelerate. But, I mean, I don't know, just like, keep it simple, stupid, five years for now is essentially going to be bigger or smaller. It's going to be smaller. I feel quite confident. What,
0|1 like, mid teens type earnings,
1|1 horrible, horrible. Like, down 7% every year, down 8% every year. Also, like, anecdotally, I have tons of friends who work at, like, big consulting firms, small consulting firms, they all come to me in they're like, Wow, AI is like, killing my industry, like we had, like, the gloomiest senior leadership call ever. Senior Leadership tell me they're gonna, like, fire, like 200 people. And it's, it's just badly, I don't know why the consultant really needs to exist the same capacity you can chat for $200 a month or $20
3|1 a month or zero a month, get a very good answer short, which fell recently. I was like a document they're like laying off 3% of the workforce. Stocks down like 230 earlier. So like 100 now, but like guys think it's a zero,
0|1 their business, my
0 biggest, shortest constellation, the reasons you said,
1|1 is a big day for happiness. Sounds
0|1 great.
0 After
0|1 the clothes, you'll get
1|1 us a six pack of models. Hello. Super fun. Tomorrow,
0|1 I don't have it on right now.
7|1 Tie that pitch longer short. Yeah, so we'll make sure we send you. But go ahead, tell me it's still very
6|1 expensive. It's like 30 times Texas earnings, which no one really cares about this point. But in order to ever get to like, a reasonable module again, you need, like, mid to high single sales, short period. And I sometimes ever get that concepts tired, you have so much competition from Bros and other upstart coffee chains. The China Business will do well for a period right now due to, like, weird, idiosyncratic reasons there, but I think longer term, that business is screwed. And like you saw the valuations come out last week, they weren't good. And I'm just, like, very skeptical that they're ever at all able to reclaim what they used to have. I think it's like a fine business that just trades way, way too expensive and starts to reset and go through a lot of things. And once the hope fades out of it, everyone owns it, because the health trade and nickel and when that comes out of it, just likes gonna die. I don't know exactly when that'll be, so it's hard to short it today, when the credit card data is okay, but one day, that's gonna be a very, very good short. I
2|1 don't know what this says about me, but my my Twitter feed is, like, randomly full of all these people who are either, like shitting on or trying to, like scam Starbucks. And the two that stuck out to me was, again, I haven't verified this. I thought about it. This guy bought a cup of coffee in a tall cup, tall Grande, just like regular black coffee, and he poured them into each other, and one of them was like
0|1 McDonald's and everyone else. I think it's, I think
2|1 it's he was like, this one is shorter, but wider. This one's taller, but same volume again.
0|1 I didn't like verify this myself.
1|1 I mean, have you guys been like Cipriani, like anywhere? They always feel like a martini in a shot glass. And people, I'm getting totally chip. And then you'll see, inevitably, they pour it in the same thing that
0|1 was a large
7|1 like every morning would do a Americano. I think I've found an ability to replicate for just to go to my office, take an espresso and add hot water in one of those machines, because I went to Japan, I'm like, What a fucking, fuck I've been not using one of these Japan, one of these hot water things that's in every hotel room in Japan. You You boil water, it like that, and you add it to an espresso from an espresso machine, and it's a better like,
8|1 comets here, no, what's that anyone had comets here? Here? Oh, my God, it's incredible. It's the best coffee. Like, yeah, comets here, like a shop debut delivery. They are starting to sell it in retail outlets as well, but it's mostly delivery. How do you get it in the city? I get it delivered. So they deliver it to me, like once a week, and you make it at home. So it's basically like, Y'all have seen the K cups, right? So K cups obviously sucks, but it looks like a K cup, but it's frozen, fashion, food, it's frozen. So they take the coffee and they have some like, chemical process or whatever, that maintains the flavor very well inside this, like cup that's frozen inside of the K cup. And then you, like, heat up the K cup thing. It drops out this puck into your coffee mug, and then you pour hot water on it, and it dissolves, but it, like, retains the flavor incredibly well. It's like the best coffee.
3|1 It's like flat, frozen concentrated coffee, exactly. It's like a
0|1 concentrated
5|1 iced coffee, like Keurigs, just secular losers.
0|1 Oh, sorry, that's yours. Alec, yeah.
1|1 It alright, you seem like a like, good judge of, I don't know coffee, best coffee ever had
0|1 a frozen pot. I mean, I mean, like,
8|1 best coffee ever had is probably, like, in Tokyo, at one of those places where they're like, they have a whole contraption that's gone this place is in the conversation, yeah, like, I'd rather have it than going out to a going out to, like, a very well known coffee shops cold. I think it's really good. We have it in our office, like everyone drinks it. It's great.
0|1 My thing is Turkish coffee with that I do, though,
1|1 with the hair transplant. Nice joke. Sorry, I had
0|1 to What's the joke? I don't even get it to do with Turkey for hand photos of all their hairlines of people coming back from Turkey. Awesome Is that
0 where you live? I
1|1 that where you went heavily advocated for you to say Turkey all night. Give
7|1 me a better idea than that fucking tired ass than you just talked about this. Yeah,
1|1 different one are you like? I don't know. I mean, I think, all right, I did short toast, like, whatever, like, similar pitches. I'm not gonna, yeah, no brainer,
0|1 yeah, well, you could squeeze in the interim, I don't know, repairs.
2|1 Yeah, I know a little bit. I know, like, short pieces, when I was looking at it was more like they have to go on market. They can't go on market. Is that still it or,
1|1 I mean, basically, so they're full markets. To us, they're getting they're pretty saturated. Last quarter was first time they ever missed that ads versus Street. And basically they're they're up against a tam wall. They have increasing competition, square seller. Their product used to be way better, now it's the same, if not slightly worse. Just depends on who you ask. But it's not clearly better. And to counter that, they're basically all right. We'll just go into enterprise, international enterprise international are both lower margin segments just not the same thing. And basically all their growth is coming from these lower margin segments at the same time. The whole street is like, Oh, the gap profitability story. And every long only, it's like, yeah, yeah, we'll only do a buck VPs in like 2027, whatever, and you're sitting here trading at 50 times plus earnings for a company that is basically tapped out the core market, moving into two markets that they're not really tested in, andor lower margin if they work. And that's it's like, the basic pitch,
0|1 please Parfit into these.
1|1 It's like another, like lower class, like for enterprise customer or
5|1 Heather. I started doing price increases. So just like, always in payments, like crazy, no price increases. But it's like, the only way the revenue is still growing is the incremental locations are both lower GPB and are coming in at lower TD rates, right? And so it's like, yeah, like the revenue top by spy. But in payments, every time you're like, volumes detail, you're a share loser. The question is, why would I own this instead of these are a MasterCard, and people will just pound the shit out of it the day that like locations, do you sell? So when they missed on locations in one queue, people were like, people panic. And then on the call they said, Oh, record ads, but 2q is seasonally like the
1|1 strongest period so like and they're a growth business. Like every quarter better be a record.
7|1 Course, like 50 times. Next 12 months,
0|1 50 times. Like 26 Yeah. Well, it sounds
4|1 interesting. We're shorted, but it's covered by somebody else. But why is due to, like, a seasonally strong period for them?
1|1 Like restaurants? Yeah, I think it's new restaurant formation, mostly
0|1 for the summer. Yeah? Anecdotal
2|1 coffee shop, they switch from toast to square, like, seamless, way
1|1 cheaper, yeah. And by the way, three years ago, if you told me that someone searching close to square, I would have been like, why now I kind of understand it. I asked him.
2|1 He said, It's cheaper, like, a lot cheaper. And he's like, not, not that different
1|1 from a product square is basically toast has gone like this in terms of product innovation, square has gone like this. And it's basically, hey, can we just copy what someone else does and squirt rather shit together and said, Yeah,
0|1 we actually can copy
0 my buddy. Like, yeah, what was
5|1 the shoes now? Getting it back together normally when he's on stage, no shoes. Japan.
0|1 Is the leather jacket of payments. Someone
5|1 just summarized Jack. Do see once to me in one line is like he is the world's best person at finding product market fit and the world's worst, literally everything else.
0|1 So wait, it's very interesting. I
0 mean, it's run up a ton, but we still own
3|1 it. Then one, there's
5|1 a seller thing. And then two, there's a very specific thing they missed on cash app because there was this dumb IRS regulation that basically meant a ton of people got their like, who, like used to get paid, informative cash up, started getting like, tax filings for that. And that turned a bunch of users
1|1 in one queue. And basically, W, to elaborate on that. W2, people the tax filing pressure, 20,000 to 5000 so if you made $5,000 you've actually to file taxes, versus if you had 20,000 you didn't, sorry if you said, Make 20,000 or less, you didn't have to file. Now it's 5000 or less, so your income when you actually file taxes was way lower. That hurt cash out. But
5|1 the flip side is cash app, or square has basically said that they're gonna re accelerate, like, sales and marketing spend on cash up by XYZ million. And like, it doesn't look like a huge percentage spend, but the interchange costs of peer to peer are counted as like, cash for square and so if you think about the like, actual top of funnel for Cash App, they're basically doubling that. And they came out at jpm, and like, Jack was basically like, yeah, we spent too much time on like, monetization and take rate like, we need to focus on growing the Cash App network, to their network effects. It's like, if Cash App accelerates and they use which, like, it hasn't been two years, like, yeah, yeah. I'm sure my largest is helping. So it's trading at 32 times. I know I do this already. It's trading at 32 times, which is outside of COVID, when the denominator of earnings is record multiple. The background is that the US is basically penetrated. So, sorry. So in 2000 about 50% of the US hotels were independent. Now it's less than 30% and of like the sort of four star business origin hotels that are hooked in front and butter. It's like 80 to 90% of hotels. Percent of hotels are in some brand, Hilton, Marriott, Hyatt, you know, Windham, whatever. So the US is not growing. US total rooms grow like 1% Hilton still growing a little bit faster, so it's taking share, but you're running into a very fast feeling there. So why is Hilton still, like, you know, compounding EPs in the jeans and like, growing units at 6% people haven't paid attention to it because a very small percent of the existing rooms and the existing ebay so the macro hasn't really impacted it yet, but 40% of Hilton's net room ads, on an organic basis, are in China. So they did some ad slabs. You ship those out, 40% in China. China rev part is still like mid teens, below what it was in 2019 and it's copping down still high single digits year on year, like the Chinese hotel environments have, pre disaster, I like, can't make heads or tails of this, the literal best explanation I've come up with. And Christmas said of the CEO of Hilton told me that, like, 25% of units in China are adaptive, which means they are apartment buildings that couldn't get sold. And the real estate market in China crashed, and people decided we already have the sunk cost of building a building. We are not getting any money out of it. We might as well cashflow some of it and turn it into a hotel. But you sort of end up with great execution, right? Because situation a China now does not decelerate. 40% of your growth is coming in at much, much lower, like incremental revenue per unit than it was before. So China Revco is already half of what it is in the rest of the world. And like, the incremental units that they're adding in China are coming in in smaller cities at like, lower price points, right? So it's like, oh, you're going volume 6% but the price you get on these new units is much, much worse. And then there's just, like, this far left tail outcome where everyone thinks Hilton is going to grow units mid to high singles in number two, and like, the moment that decelerates, it's like lights out on the multiple, which, right now is close to record highs. I don't know when the China stuff decelerates. I think the quarterly guide is already pretty aggressive. It's like rev part of the US this quarter. You get pretty good weekly in it. It's like copying down one to two, like Hilton's guiding flat, which they'll
6|1 probably hit. Last week, said they would hit their guide into the percent. I think
5|1 they will hit the red part guide. Europe's doing better, and I'll save them. Save them on a weak us. But it's like, the guy's aggressive. They've guided full your unicorn from six to seven. It's like, strip out my like, idiosyncratic China thesis, like the last three quarters on an organic basis, they've been going five and a half, and they're very adamant. They're like, they'll hit the nug and like, they've never missed the guys that people touch them. But like, my suspicion is probably what happens, is what Marriott did last year, which is, like, they do some sort of thing that's not an outright acquisition, but they'll do some sort of partnership deal, like the rooms come in at a much lower take rate, or much closer to the room. And it's like people start to realize they already did this from Mary, like, three years ago, because marriage gained higher end hotel growing slower because they're more expensive to build. But like, we'll realize that the grocery store is kind of tapped out. And like, you get paid on the mobile, like you just need to accelerate room ads a ton to hit the low end of the guide.
2|1 What's their room in China cost? And they're not like so like RevPAR in most units in the world is $120
5|1 so the rate is like 160 and rooms tend to run out. Like 70% occupancy in China right now it's around $65 and then the new units in China are coming in even lower, because, literally, a quarter of them are coming from abandoned our percentage. So this is the thing of why I don't think, I think people don't appreciate it's only 10% of the business right now, but it is literally 40% of the units. So it's like, right now trying to rev cards, bad. It doesn't matter too much. You outgrow it in the US Europe. But like, people value this on units, on unit growth, the same way that, like, candle growth matters more than hold, right? Because it just a longer term runway. And so unit roads passed and like the multiple go from 32 to like 20 times.
6|1 Marriott doesn't translate
5|1 multiples of decent chunks like 25 times. Now it's they've all just rocketed up. A ton of classified on like 2626 EPS. The
0|1 question What do you?
4|1 What do you? What does everyone think it's worth? I'll give you my layout, what I or some thoughts I have, but I'm just curious what everyone thinks. I
1|1 don't know, 30 times 27 gap PBS. There's like a heuristic, yeah,
0|1 we use like, like 2025,
0 times, 25 times next year.
1|1 I mean, I like driving it kind of Polish, look at
2|1 it from an internet lens, like things that are growing this fast with margin expansion, how are they trade? But,
5|1 like, the multiple should be lower because you have this unfalsifiable overhang of, like, taxes and regulatory stuff, right? Like the multiple for the mature gaming businesses, like you can do so, like a PED thing, like mature gaming business in Australia and the UK is all
2|1 terrible you can use like, I mean, it's good at 15 to 22 I sort of said so, like, they're gonna be growing revenue north of 20. Still right with margin expansion. Look at other again, if you use internet as, like the comp, not that many internet business is growing north of 20% and the ones that are literally trading like way higher multiples than even that. So there is, like a scarcity element here, like you mentioned, Tony and consumer, that grows nothing in like your internet's relatively mature as well. Nothing grows
0|1 over 20 really. What does like a dash grow at now
0 around 20, it turns at like 30 times even 20.
2|1 Now I think dash is a better business than this, so it should get a discount spot. I don't
10|1 think that's
2|1 crazy expensive, probably for a reason. I
7|1 use it like one of those things that creeps in, and you're realizing anecdotally,
5|1 why is dash? Is that share from Uber Eats? Or is it like and if so, why
2|1 so dash first Uber Eats share has actually been, is taking,
0|1 taking a little bit of share.
2|1 I still think, I still think Uber Eats is growing slower than it's hard to know, because Uber doesn't tell you their US it's growth rate, but I think it's growing a little bit slower, but pretty comparable, and it's just like the market is still relatively immature, so it's a lot more, a lot less about shared gain or loss than it is. Just if you look at the cohort analysis, like the frequency increases you see by cohort is remarkable. Like you said, you get in, you start at, I'll make it up. Like once a month,
0|1 two times a month, three times a month, like
7|1 the frequency I associate DoorDash with a guy on a bike, delivering in the shoe versus versus hard, taking something from downtown or whatever, like, is that? What it is? Yeah,
1|1 started as a suburb company. We're not started as like a company, like delivery for the suburbs, which is counterintuitive,
2|1 because you think about, you want, like, water density, right? You think about building it's really, it's like a last mile service. But they started, they started in suburbs, which gave them a really interesting like first mover advantage. No one else is doing in suburbs, and so Tony is probably
0|1 they were driving cars in the burbs.
2|1 Tony, probably a top four CEO and all of internet, I would say he's one of the few. He's one of the few like so founder, like companies like sucks, Daniel ACK Tony and like Chester
0|1 Toby. Founder or No,
0 I count Shopify. Sorry.
0|1 So Shopify
2|1 chesty at Airbnb, danielach and Spotify Tony, zoo and DoorDash. And then, if you count Shopify as internet, I figured that I'm more a software but, uh, totally. But even he has like Harley, who does like, yeah, most of the work. So like Tony is
0|1 very that's part of like, I think of Airbnb here.
2|1 I'm negative, because I think it is pretty like they're just not growing Roomba fast enough to deserve this multiple. I think it speaks to the saturation category. Like, most of their business is by market in North America, they're growing mid single digits, like they're growing mid single digits, like they're growing the same despite it's supposed to be, like earlier in the maturity curve. The services thing seems like a half baked idea. I don't know how to scale it. It never gets as low mobile as you think it should, relative to the growth, because the take rate is a like, real opportunity. I think, yeah, I think they do have pricing power, a lot of latent pricing power on the hosts that they are not flexing today, that they could all the time. So I worry a little bit about that, because, you know, it would be very accretive to EBITDA if they were to do so. But the reality is, if they're going Moon nights, similar to what booking is, I don't know why it gets
5|1 my only view is, I think you're totally right. We're also negative Airbnb, I worry about like, Chesky one day, wakes up, gets his act together, and like a does like sponsored listing rather than EBITDA, but B, just like, I think they really turn like they were so fat and happy with the post COVID from in the US, they didn't expand, like you said to other markets, but like, they find religion one. They just decide to, like, turn on the marketing lever and like Japan and like Germany and Spain or something, right? It's like, there's structural reason why booking like has won those markets and it's entrenched. Or can an Airbnb like grow by going to like Brazil, like they've called up Brazil
2|1 and whatever, I think there's opportunity for them in these, like, other markets. They call them their like, whatever it is, they haven't shown a willingness, and thus an ability, to deploy a lot of performance marketing dollars against this opportunity. And so I wonder if there's like muscles that they lack there relative to booking. And then look at this point, it's a pretty mature category, hoping has a lot of direct traffic in Europe, two thirds of their B to C business is now direct and predict their genius loyalty products and so again, like they are, they are different inventory types. So it's not a completely perfect kind of competitive set, but, like, they can't Airbnb can't bring down margins like that. That combination won't work. Like, even when forever booking, when booking had margin compression was 11, they're going to make over 20% this is like 2016, 17 ish,
0|1 and so if Airbnb only grows, like,
2|1 margin compression, like, I don't think that's gonna work
5|1 either. I mean, the other thing would you own Airbnb almost because you're like, it has direct traffic that's like an asset commoditize. If they turn on the performance marketing lever too heavily, that narrative flipped, and you lose the last reason why you own that into this book.
2|1 But, like, look, there's a price for it. I just don't think it's 145, whatever it is. Like, it's a really good business. It's got, you know, 35% each down margins. Like, really good cash flow, like, grows, you know, 10 ish percent revenues. Like, that's a really great business. It's just not worth 30 times. You
1|1 guys think about, like, I don't cover these stocks directly. What do you think about the like, opening I offered a risk or, like, simple agentic layer, or MCP. Risk
2|1 is definitely risk. However, it's not obvious to me that it's a risk for the transaction layer, and by that, I mean they still need to complete either a booking or make a purchase. Where they decide to do that, I'd imagine should be influenced by the same things that a human decision would be influenced by. And so let's just ignore the fact that, like, it's like, it's not really there yet, like doing anything via agent, like, very, very cumbersome, and doesn't get it right often. But I still don't think I worry more about that from Google than I do for the end, like the merchant of record, so to speak. And then on the spectrum of like, who's at most risk versus who's recent risk, people are very focused on this for travel. Travel is a low frequency, high ASP, highly considered purchase. I don't know why that's going to be the first one to be under attack. I think it's much easier for me to tell an operator to buy me a t shirt.
1|1 You know why? It's because when open AI launch operator, their first example ever was like, booking.com, book me a flight, booked me a travel ticket, whatever show up, yeah, everyone in the public markets like, I think they're gonna have to partner
2|1 with them, because the other day, like, what? So what booking has? If those guys don't have and will not take the effort to attain, is they have the connections to this incredibly fragmented especially in Europe, independent hotel your supply base, and unless you're going to replicate that, it's really hard to displace them. And the same reason why those hotels are terrible at websites. They're going to be equally bad at integrating with, like, AI operators, yeah, like, what had a good other stuff could be in this is like this, but it would tell us are in these, like, meetings and they're like, Okay, we can either invest in more pillows or, like, digital capabilities. Pillows wins every single time. Like, they just don't fundamentally have that,
0|1 and so I don't worry so much about the AI disruption risk.
8|1 Can they plug directly into the GDS
0|1 neighbor? Yeah, like
0 on air, sure, but there's no margin there
5|1 for the kind of the art. Like, I think it's right that plugging into 2 million hotels or whatever booking has is way too complicated. Yeah, but it's like, the margin that a hotel pays to booking is not because they get the like, literal like, merchant of records, swipe the car there, the margin it pays because a person decides to book on that hotel on booking.com. Browser makes no margin because people search, but they don't decide if, like, you trust your AI and like you just, like, decide on chatgpt.com and then, like, ultimately you go to booking.com to book. Like, will that margin compress by a ton? Because, you know, like, there's like, very low hanging fruit of like, if people don't decide and spend the time on booking, they spend time on track repeats like that destroys like sponsored listing business, but just more generally, like, I wonder what the dynamics are in the world where you spend more of that consideration of that like purchase process on a different platform and less on the commoditize the app layer, basically.
2|1 Well, I guess the question like so, because again, it comes back to how is the operator that you're giving the agency to make the transaction going to decide where to book it. I don't know why it would be any different than the way the human decides. And the way human decides is selection cost, right, and then also loyalty, right? And so if you're a genius member, which huge chunk of their bookings are, aren't you going to tell your digital assistant, like, book me the room and get me my points and do it through booking? Like, I'm not sure that it's any different than a human making that decision. And actually, if you're once again avoiding Google, marketing is 40% like, high 30% of the revenue business that probably comes down in that world, because, again, like, I still think it almost ends up looking more and more like a direct booking. So I guess in theory, like, yeah, that's kind of like, again, like, still, like, jury's still at it, like you're coming that we think about and monitor, but that's my current it
5|1 does feel like people swing too far both ways. On, on the AI risk. I feel like right now, like, I don't know why, in January, people are so worked up about operating like, now it feels like your view is more consensus. Like, I don't know. It feels like a risk reward on like they were
0|1 doing that, that we're doing it.
2|1 Like, talk about a bunch of partner or, like, a bunch of products in a partner with all the like, incumbents. I think the reason why it has it now is, like, it's like, nowhere near where it needs to be to actually be able to do this, like it's really difficult even to do, like simple transactions without any human involvement, involvement. So, like, a more complex one. I think, I think it's a ways away. Doesn't mean it won't be here eventually. I think eventually it will be
1|1 eventually it definitely will. Like, I've heard is clunky today, it's just not, I don't it's anyone, like, build anything, like, agentically, like, chatgpt didn't exist three years ago. You know what I mean? Like, it's like in six months. Like, whatever you think can't happen probably does happen in six months. Like, pretty terrible. Now it's fucking incredible. Ever since oh three came out, oh three was I've always been really, I don't know, bullish or optimistic on AI, the second that oh three came out, which is earlier this year, I was kind of like, wow, shit. That's when I immediately on my corporate card, I hit the $200 a month plan, and I said, this is totally
5|1 worth it. Have a job in 10 years?
1|1 No, I mean, I think I still have a job, but I don't, well, you to progress and make it. Do
2|1 you worry about entry level white collar jobs?
0|1 The entry level software engineering is so dead.
8|1 Is there a way to what's like, a clean way to express that. I was talking to a colleague of mine today,
1|1 short Atlassian, that is, like, thought easiest way. What about Sally Mac Yeah, that's probably another decent way. I've heard that pitch is like a like tertiary way to do it. It's probably another decent way.
8|1 These college these, these recent college grads are really struggling to find jobs. It's a real thing, like right
5|1 now, dude, like Workday to like, new white collar hires. Is that not meaningful enough?
1|1 No, by the way, so like five years from now, I think Salesforce is like the ultimate easy layup. Short, if you have like five year duration, first of all, just look up what like new startup formations. Like, I don't have a bunch of friends who are like, like, leaving work to be like, AI starts whatever. The easiest layup fruit is like, anti CRM, basically, hey, why the hell if an alien dropped down from Mars tomorrow observed everything on planet Earth and said, Here is that the products are going to build. They're not building Salesforce. It's like not happening. Salesforce is some very archaic obstruct or construct that is not going to work in 510, years. So Salesforce, Salesforce,
0|1 every year. Do you enjoy data entry
0 into Salesforce?
1|1 Enter the data in okay, why do need to do that? You don't AI,
0|1 okay, go to attention.ai.
1|1 Attention is a startup. Super smart guys who run it. I've talked to them a bunch of times. Go to their website. Look at what they do. They're kicking ass. They're basically at the anti CRM. Octolane is another one. I'm
7|1 already paying. The thing with Salesforce, if you're already paying it's very hard to like, companies can
1|1 take, there's companies that can take all of your data out of there and move it out, pour it out, yeah, like it's imagine you can download an Excel file of all your models
0|1 cheaper. Yeah, a lot.
1|1 And it's easier. That's the thing. It's easier. It's not that it's cheaper. It's that it's easier. You take a call, there's a company called jump, and there's another company called Zox. They're for financial advisors. Basically your financial advisor. You work at UBS, Wealth Management, whatever you get on calls with clients, they take all your notes from you, that's otter, then afterwards they summarize it, that's chat GBT, or maybe otter, and then they upload all that data into your CRM, that's your junior analyst who has to do it. And then they'll do follow up emails for you. They'll like, flash you like, a Tinder, swipe right, swipe left. Or you're like, hey, you know, this client said that he wanted to, like, take money out of his IRA. You know, they
7|1 have a Salesforce system, and your 10 people at your firm is already in our system. And, yeah, are you telling me that's an easy file? Like, you just move it all over?
1|1 Yeah, it's apparently meant to be quite easy to get out. And that's why Benioff so there's company called glean. They're like, big enterprise search so like control, left cross for organization. And Benioff, a few months ago, blocked lean from accessing Salesforce and a ton of customers like Yo, what the hell like, that's not cool. That's my data. Why do you tell me I can't access that? And Benioff is freaked out because he's worried that people are gonna start taking all the data offline and then to somewhere else. And that's exactly why he did it. Atlassian actually did the same thing. And there was a big information article that dropped this afternoon, which is like, hey, Atlassian is freaking out that people are gonna take all the data outside of their system.
7|1 So I can be wrong, but I think our sales force, like I, spent quite a lot of money to get our Salesforce program integrated with our outside portal, right? Yeah. So if you click on 20 ideas in our in our system, on the outside portal, that you get, right? That comes back into me. In Salesforce, there's a whole lot of stuff that's been integrated external, internal, like my back end. So I've always been nervous about, like, how do I do this where I get a better more, you know, like, this was all done 12 years ago. So, yeah, right. So the idea that I can improve our data is not lost on me, but the problem is, how entrenched?
1|1 Yeah, how stuck for you, yes. The first thing
7|1 is, and anybody, yeah, I'm a small business has this must apply to other large
0|1 enterprises, right? Yeah, I think they're very
1|1 stuck. The first thing is, if you hire, here's the question that I've, like started asking myself, if you hired some cheap labor for, you know, $20 an hour, whatever it was to take all it, like manually, take all of your Salesforce data and move it somewhere else. Could you do that? I think it's Yes. Probably okay. So if you could hire cheap labor do it in 612, months from now, why can't you hire AI, basically for free, an agent to do that all for you? So probably move
7|1 that doesn't mean that the software integration is going to work.
0|1 Software integration is the easy part moving. It's the hard part. I
7|1 think that's true, then I'm less scared. Yeah, yeah, there's two
1|1 companies that like, I didn't do a really good job. By the way, we don't do any private investing, but attention AI is your buddies. They're not my buddies. I met the co founders, but I've seen the product. It's sweet. The other really good one is octolain. Oct, like octagon,
0|1 Octo lane.
1|1 There's, there's something like, clarify.ai, I think it's the other name, another competitor. They all do a really good job basically killing CRM. And what's amazing to me is, like, the amount of software investors that a never heard of these companies. They're all early stage, like, probably maybe a best series B companies, but have never heard of them and be have no clue, like, What the hell is going on under the hood of sales privately,
0|1 sure you could like,
0 Yeah, I'll
7|1 call you once I once I meet the guy, I will call you guys. Put something up.
1|1 Yeah, we can do yourself an SPV, get a little nice air company. Companies. The crazy thing is, like, the typical path, like Series B was always like five years that was like, like gospel, like, Hey, you ready to see then five years later, do a series B sounds like 12 months. Like the amount of modernization and how quick it's happening is kind of sickening.
0|1 I don't know. What else do people like?
5|1 What are the loans? Besides the OSB names in
1|1 payments? I think a firm is good. Besides,
5|1 that's too high. I haven't spent time that, that model, I'm sure, like 3000 lines.
0|1 Yeah, firms, nasty one.
1|1 I All right, I dare I say, at loving in like, June of 2025, but that love is good, still
0|1 lazy. They got adapted 200 bucks,
1|1 by the way. We've been like, like 13 s gonna test. We've been on AppLovin since before. It was pumped. I love him, got out of hand for a while, and it got in like, the wrong hands. But I think it's a very legit company that basically used AI to their advantage, but other people weren't really using it. Simple thesis.
0|1 So or use machine learning rather not AI. What's
0 everyone's favorite? Long what's
0|1 the pitch? Very well, like, there's a
5|1 sort of technical aspect to it, which is, right now they're right on the cusp of investment grade, and within two quarters of just like free cash flow, their net leverage goes down to a point where Mongolians can finally buy it. Royal was the first to do this, and they've like tripled in the last two years or so. Just like opening up private Islands, which means, like, you spend all this money to acquire a customer, and then you bring them to port and you lose all their money, right? Royal built up these fantastic private islands where not only do you capture all the like day to day spend of the customer, just like, These things are so fantastic, the great experiences very private, like, have a ton of things that can upsell you on it. Just like, not only are the onboard spends on iTunes of these private islands, like 3040, so higher, like the literally like ticket prices higher, people wanting different from these destinations, like Carnival is launching their first major one celebration with E in literally, like, two, three weeks. So people are gonna need to buy it the moment it hits investment grade. And, like, there's still up touching numbers from private islands. Cruise, just secularly we, like all the names you think Carlos the most torque right now. It's like, land based travel has been hit very, very large. It's so labor dependent, and like blue collar service labor in the US is up a ton, and cruise can source labor from all over the world. So it's a very easy arbitrage. And the sort of like comparable price of what you pay to stay on, like a luxury cruise ship is like a five star reserve, like a mass cruise ship, instead of three servers that has never been higher. And of course, like five years ago during COVID, which is the lead time for a cruise ship, no one was ordering a cruise ship. So like, this will probably eventually come back, but like, for the next four years, you've got like two to 3% capacity growth, which is way below the circle
7|1 average, if really came in smarter this, right? Like at eight bucks, maybe, or something for them,
5|1 it's a hedge, because it's a hedge. Because it's like, if oil goes up, doesn't
0|1 hedge oil. So that's true. Yeah,
0 looks like 27 earnings or something
0|1 like that. Ah, the numbers escape off top my head. I actually
0 don't know. Don't know, is it like 250 I
6|1 mean carnival. I mean, I like the previous year. I think Carnival is the best for next year, because they're gonna kill 26 I think longer term, they just can't grow really, like the other guys. But it doesn't matter for them too many units already. And like, they can't really put them any ships, but
5|1 I think I like more holdings, not us, yeah. Like, if you put a friend, like, more longer term, like, that's gonna grow for, gonna grow for at least the next 10 years, capacity, like, high single digits. But Carnival is definitely more toward right
4|1 now. Like, I feel like a more, like, we own them into COVID. And so I've just been like, PTSD, like, I am just so fucking I just can't even, like, look at these sometimes. But it's so intuitive. And I think everything you said seemed like, I feel like an idiot, like I watched carnival go from like 23 to 28 in like two weeks, and I'm like, of course, you know, but
0|1 they're very crowded, though. That sounds like,
0 what are non consensus month that people like,
4|1 I was actually looking at Caesars today, which I don't own, just to be clear. And you know, when I say a name and everyone wants to vomit at the table, it's usually like a good signal. You know what I mean? Like, no one likes it, but it's like, it is really freaking cheap, and six months ago, everyone liked it, and now I feel like people don't like it, but it's like a 20% free cash. 20, 25% free cash for you about next year's numbers,
0|1 and they buy back shares, they've paying down like, what do they
0 do eventually, though?
0|1 Yeah, that was thing I never got about MDI,
6|1 one of, like, Caesars always, I just never quite get there. I know, I
5|1 know, but it's like my view, it's always just like, those longs. It's like, you can, like, get a nice IRR, and then, like, you just sort of have no upside, and you're like, I gotta find something else. You
4|1 know, you're buying and selling exactly like, but it's zykon
0|1 bigger than people realize at this point.
4|1 Caesars. Has it gotten bigger? I think it's pretty it's on its lows basically,
0|1 like, three or 4%
0 doing anything that's like,
0|1 maybe more than that. It was like the
5|1 restaurant Tillman for cheetah, like this, like restaurant billionaires, like, bought, like, bought, like, a billion dollars of wind. I don't know what he's trying to do there. Like, he's gonna go after this. That one, I like, looked at MGM, and I could never get to it, because they had this, like, overhang from, like, needing to, like, eventually buy antane Stick in bed. MGM, Caesars, I like, just regional. Feels even harder to own, but I guess it's even cheaper, and it's like, they don't have that, like, capital allocation overhang.
4|1 I mean, look, if you want to be bullish again, whatever, I don't even own it. So I'm just more like getting I'm like, you like, I'm buying to sell it. And so it's always a trade, and it's like, whatever, but it's regionals do sound legitimately better? Everyone knows Vegas is bad, and numbers kind of reflect that. And over the next six months, it's like, you know, we start getting tax stimulus or, like, that's the narrative, and then we get into conag, and you get easy compare the convention and all that kind of stuff. And I just feel like there's,
5|1 like, a path. I love the comps on the convention calendar.
0|1 Maybe these are Vegas comps. So it's
4|1 more like, rate of change for this specific company at, like, a really cheap valuation, but it's tough. Like, like, do I feel great owning Caesars? This is the problem
0|1 to sleep at night. Man, I couldn't sleep at night.
5|1 Yeah. Like, spend some time on win in December, and it's actually been okay when I did, did the investor on the UAE project, because I still think that's a ton about such numbers. It just like, no one's gonna care about it until, like, like, it doesn't time because it opens, like, one to 27 so people start caring about it, like, 3q 26 I
4|1 spent a lot of time on it also, I guess I sort of feel the same way. I think it's kind of too cheap. It's still just going to be dictated by, like, China,
0|1 which sounds better? Definitely
4|1 sounds better recently. It's like, I think June is driving. I mean, everyone knows, like, good. I just I also am like, no, people don't like the complication of MGN. I'm not saying MGM is not complicated, but it's like, what is, what is the reporting gonna look like for win when they start like and we got this Almar Jean steak and we own this and what gets
3|1 people more excited about my half China getting better. I
5|1 was still below where it was in 2015 they've never recovered. Just like these stocks were great for 15 years because there was a market that was growing, and then people just realized, like the government can wake up and turn off their business.
5 We are too traumatized owning LDS to, like, like, not on a Macau. Like, we have the same trauma. You have
4|1 exactly no but this is, like, this is like, people are probably traumatized owning Caesars, and they're traumatized Macau. And I get it, because I've seen way in Macau, and you're like, what get, you know, like, that's sort of the opportunity,
3|1 yeah, see, I think that's like, someday we're gonna Yeah, or they're all dead, but like, one day we're gonna wake up like, right? You have Macau. May was good. June is arguably good. Everyone says, like, what happens if July is good? Right? Because, like, here everyone's like, Oh, promotions been driving this, like stimulus, and then if you get three months in a row, like, someone's gonna start to chase the names
7|1 correct, some of
6|1 Victoria. So we own a ton of Studio City, not a fun trade.
0|1 Where would you do it if you
0 owned it? Studio City?
3|1 There's two ways to own it. I forget, what do you own? Like, what's the MSC? MSC, but then you get some of this if you own Melco, but not as much as owning MST straight up, like Melco Studio City versus, yeah.
0|1 What is it you
6|1 like, funded this Macau casino the way we own it. At silver point was, I was like, all we had exposure to was Macau in the pandemic. And then I just remember it was, like, The Biggest Loser two straight years there.
5|1 Funniest thing is, Ritz Carlton has, like, launched a cruise line, which is doing absolutely terribly, because it's just like, they're like, 300% above everything else. And
0|1 it's like on a ship with
1|1 them, they also compete with, like, a totally different, my wife's, like, a travel industry like, they compete like, not with other crews. They compete with, like, the four seasons, like, private jet experience takes you around and like, that kicks his ass way better. Experience
5|1 funded the Ritz Carlton yacht. And I'm like, not what I thought about break
0|1 even for 2027 or something, yeah,
5|1 and like, like, these are shipped. They depreciate super quickly. The maintenance is a nightmare. Like, those things are running out. Like most cruise lines went out literally over 100% occupancy. Because, like, the you can fit three people with kids, like the rich Carlton got it thinks running out, like, 60% occupancy.
1|1 Yeah, it's like a super luxury. Like, they thought it was gonna be selling, and it was not that. And
5|1 then whatever. But then, like, why are like, Amman and like, four seasons, like jumping onto a brand Halo
0|1 or brand Amman totally brand.
4|1 Like, I always felt like Norwegian was one like shit, but they had good assets.
0|1 Norwegian has the most upside,
3|1 at least from what I've heard. But like, I remember when they first, like, years ago, it came out with, like, freestyle cruising and all that. And like, had some of the newer ships, but I feel like now they've lost to, like, Royal.
0|1 I can't even look at Royal. It's just like,
4|1 it's so crazy I can't even look at it. So I'm like, All right, how to your point? Like, how else do you play this, like, CCl, kind of, and then you go on Instagram, or whatever you see, like these videos, and you're like, oh my god, like a cardinal
5|1 to design. We're not the target customer. But the weird thing is, like, even though
1|1 brands are doing well, you're saying that videos are like, or like, minority, like crowded,
5|1 very crowded. A lot of drunk people, they're breakout
5 periodically. Even though it's like low end for cruise like this is still relatively high end, like the medium Carnival Cruise, it still probably has a six figure like, household, household, top
0|1 house. Operator.
1|1 Joke, or like the meme, is that it's like a bunch of very low class people all like trapped on like a ship, but nothing else to do. I think it was a document.
5|1 They had a Documentary. Documentary, yeah,
0|1 let's you know what to see.
3|1 That's like, that's like, it's like, terrible for the retail trade. All these people
5|1 hedge, but they don't really disclose how much the impacts gonna be, I think, like the Euros ahead one to them, right? So like, once you lap that and carnival, like, gets an investment grade and plays out, then Viking probably will own, like, 12 months from
0|1 now. Should call it a night. That's
0 all For prime. Proprietary for this table. You
5|1 I really love exposure, but I haven't talked about it in a long time. I should I spoke to him a few times when I was in college. Okay? Okay. He's a great, great, great, great guy. He was telling me about this, like Malaysian, like rubber, short rubber. Love short
4|1 hair. This guy, like, scours the world. Wait,
1|1 you're an evidence use your eye your choice look right, Evan or Eric, which
0|1 guy beyond it there.
0 Sure. Oh, freshman. Yeah, consumer staples. In general,
1|1 we have, like, we completely. I like cross class, like the beast.
1 Transcribed by https://otter.ai